MUNI_TECH_WRITERS: Clarify example module group name in the playbook guide (#1283)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_module_defaults.rst

In ansible-core 2.12, collections can define their own groups in the ``meta/runtime.yml`` file. ``module_defaults`` does not take the ``collections`` keyword into account, so the fully qualified group name must be used for new groups in ``module_defaults``.

> Here is an example ``runtime.yml`` file for the ``ns.coll`` collection defining an action group ``ns.coll.my_group`` and placing the ``sample_module`` from ``ns.coll`` and ``another_module`` from ``another.collection`` into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example ``runtime.yml`` file for the ``ns.coll`` collection.
This file defines an action group named ``ns.coll.my_group`` and places the ``sample_module`` from ``ns.coll`` and ``another_module`` from ``another.collection`` into the  group.
```

.. code-block:: YAML

   # collections/ansible_collections/ns/coll/meta/runtime.yml
   action_groups:
    my_group:
      - sample_module

>       - another.collection.another_module

Reviewer: I think the indentation is off here. You could use yamllint to check it.

This group can now be used in a playbook like this:

.. code-block:: YAML

  - hosts: localhost
    module_defaults:
      group/ns.coll.my_group:
        option_name: option_value
    tasks:
      - ns.coll.sample_module:

>       - another.collection.another_module:

Reviewer: Think the indentation needs to be checked here too.

Author: Do you mean that one extra space in front of every line? (and is shown in red). Because the original has "3-5-7" spaces, while mine now only uses "2-4-6", since that is supposed to be the default space value for a small tab. So was one space added intentionally?

Reviewer: I just recommend checking it with a tool like yamllint though if you haven't done so. It looks OK but I question the indentation on the lines after `tasks:`.

Author: I have checked it with the tool, and let it reformat. It didn't do anything on this one, that's why I was wondering.
(On the other one above, I indeed made a mistake)
